Factions (working title)

Overview 

Concept: Three factions fighting each other on a 2D map. Player is an 
independent entity that can take actions affecting the balance of power.

Genre: RTS/MOBA-like

Target Audience/Platforms: TBD


Gameplay and Mechanics

Objectives:

Play Flow:

Mechanics:
    1. Player: player can move around and collect food/resource and consume it 
       or gift it to a faction minion. Player can attack elements from each of 
       the factions. Consuming a unit of food restores health.
         
    2. Terrain: map will contain obstacles.
    
    3. "Like" meters: as the player takes actions for/against a faction the 
      opinion that faction has toward the player will change. If the faction 
      like is below a certain threshold (X%) the faction minions will be hostile
      towards the player. If the like threshold is above a certain level (Y%) 
      the player gains... 
      /* insert benefit here. There should be incremental benefits at certain 
      thresholds, such as powerups or having faction minions follow the player 
      for a time */
      
    4. Food/Resource: randomly placed on the map, regenerate every 30 seconds.
    
    5. Faction minions: 4 are spawned from every spawn point every 30 seconds,
      and an additional unit per unit of food available (this consumes to food).
      Minions will move towards securing food nodes and attacking another facti-
      on. If the player gives a food unit to a minion a new minion will spawn at
      that location.
      
    6. Faction expansion:
    
    7. Wildlife: occasionally spawn an animal that wanders around. A faction 
    killing it gains more food/resource than a regular food/resource node. Wild-
    life will also consume food from the nodes.
    
    8. Combat:
    
    
    
Assets Needed
    1. Graphics: sprite sheet with very simplified shapes and colors currently 
       used. Red square, blue circle, yellow triangle for the three factions, 3
       verticle green lines for a food node, fuschia diamond for the player, 
       fuschia diamond with protruding lines for a player attacking, diagonal 
       line to overlay on an entity to indicate it has been hit, 4 random blobs
       for terrain, a chevron to be placed atop a faction sprite to signify a
       spawning point, HATS HATS HATS!!!!, deer for the wildlife, brown version
       of the food node for food unit being moved.
       
    2. UI:
    
    
Interface
    1.Player controls: clicking a spot on the screen will cause the player unit 
      to move to that location. Clicking on a food node collects that food unit.
      If carrying a food unit, clicking a faction unit will give the food to 
      that unit. Clicking a faction minion while NOT carrying food will attack 
      that minion.
    
    2.UI:
    
Artificial Intelligence
    1. Factions overall:
    2. Faction minions:
    3. Wildlife: walks randomly, if detects food node will move towards node and
      consume food. If next to a food node will stop random walking and just
      consume the food until killed.